>> Paul DeBettignies: So this is
an example from more than a year ago.
And then I'll do another live one here in
a second because it turns out it ends up
being SportsEngine too.
In town here,
there's a company called SportsEngine.
It was a startup six,
seven, eight years old.
I don't even know how old it is now,
was acquired by NBC Universal Sports
a year or two ago.
They had posted for
a software engineer intern.
Clearly this was a pretty cool gig for
someone to get.
They were only going to hire one.
And what happens is, is on the left-hand
side, I know I cut it off, but
it says apply now.
So if I were coming out of this,
or if it's in six weeks or
six months I'm feeling comfortable,
I'm going to click on Apply Now.
I'm gonna go through whatever
process they want me to go to.
And then I'm gonna take that search
string that I showed you earlier and
I'm gonna figure who was an HR
recruiter person at SportsEngine.
The fourth one on that list, Jesse Howard.
What was her title then?
I can't even read that.
I need to get some glasses,
Talent Manager.
I'm not going to email the VP
of HR at SportsEngine,
because they're a 500 person company.
But the talent manager at SportsEngine
is problem good person to reach out to.